### My Portfolio!

Pursuing a Computer Science degree at the University of St. Thomas has been a fun and challenging experience. The University of St. Thomas educates students to be morally responsible leaders who think critically, act wisely, and work skillfully to advance the common good. I can wholeheartedly say this mission was fulfilled, I've gained real skills I can use and also a sense of direction throughout my time here.

One of the most strenuous but rewarding coding projects I had to do was from my Web Development class, [wd-stpaulcrime](https://github.com/kevinrsun/wd-stpaulcrime). This web application has both the front-end and back-end implemented. The application displays information about St. Paul crimes and supports different user interactions with an interactive map & filtering of crime results. It uses a RESTful server with API endpoints drawing data on crime incidents from the St. Paul public dataset.

Computer Graphics was a very different but interesting class, it introduced the principles of interactive computer graphics relevant in areas such as computer animation, video game design, and data visualization. This was unlike any other programming class and challenged me to explore completely new areas like planes, lines, and models in a 2D / 3D space. Once these concepts were understood, you see how a computer can use these ideas to create the cool things we see in video games, 3D-CGI, and VR. This project I worked on, [WebGL Fragment Shader](https://kevinrsun.github.io/cg-fragshaders/), was a fun activity to learn and implement rendering techniques using HTML's WebGL2 API and GLSL for the shader.

I love how technology can make your life so much easier! With programming and software, you can create something awesome that solves a real-world problem / challenge you’re facing. It may even help you save some time throughout your day. A good example of this would be this desktop application, [Google Messages](https://github.com/kevinrsun/google-messages-nativefier), which I built to make reading my phone text messages easier.
